Why do we watch and Read it!
Japanese animation and comics, commonly known as "anime" and "manga" are becoming
increasingly popular today. The word anime is an abbreviation of the word animation, in Japan;the word is used to refer to all types and forms of animation from all over the world. On the otherhand the word anime outside of Japan usually refers to animation from Japan. Manga is looselytranslated to mean comics, in Japan, but like animes, are referred to as comics who are usuallymade or drawn by a Japanese author.In past decades, anime and manga was produced solely for, an in Japan, with a distinct look-and-feel to not just the artwork but the storytelling, the themes, and the concepts. However in the pastyears viewers from not only Japan but all over the globe have been allured by these thingsreferred to as anime and manga. Generations of viewers in the West are growing up with it andwill soon pass it on to their children, and so on. There are many effects to this popularity, whichfall under social, psychological and economic effects.To begin with there are numerous social effects of anime and manga. Firstly there will be anincreased interest in art. Anime and manga art usually appeals to ones creativity and as a resultpeople are encouraged to make their own character, and or mangas. Although this may be a goodeffect, as many art teachers may be flooded with students, they may be disappointed to learn thattheir students are mainly
interested in drawing "anime" style cartoons.

However an increasedinterest in art is a great opportunity to introduce students to other types and forms of art.Another effect is that, many western animators are producing art works which are themed aftermost animes and mangas, a recent example of this is
"Ben 10" and "Avatar: The Last Airbender". They have also adopted the term "manga-ka"; which is the Japanese term for comicartist or cartoonist and refers to the author of a manga who is usually Japanese. As a result of thisthe unique style of cartoons in America would have a drastic change and many animators maycease drawing like they used to, and instead draw anime themed characters in the spirit of thestyle, instead of drawing for the love of art.Another aspect also seen as art is cosplay, which was always popular in the west changed greatly with people dressing not only as popular Western and European characters, like "Batman" and "Doctor Who", but also anime characters, like "Naruto". Cosplay, closely related to roleplay is an activity thoroughly enjoyed by many adept anime and manga fans. These people many timesfeel a connection to the character and can relate to and make friends with others who share theirlove of the character. Furthermore, children and youth tend to role play without even knowing it;they act out scenes of what they have seen on television. Many youth who grow up watchinganime react in a way they may have seen a character react.Moreover anime and manga additionally affect adults and children alike that watch or read them.In Japanese anime and manga, there is something for everyone, from shows and books aimed atinnocent kids to the most perverted of people. They depict many things from occurrences ineveryday life to scenes that could never happen in a million years. Viewers need anime andmanga for different things, while some may use it to just relax after school or work, others maysee it as an escape from reality and the stress of their everyday lives. Also many Children learngender roles from anime and mangas Children, who grow up always seeing males as the heroesof animes, soon learn that the male is the head of the society and women should be withdrawnand are only items, dependent on males.

